doc update: how to use streamlined auth-flow (#36747)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/how-to/index.md

- [How to add support for a language](add_support_for_a_language.md)
- [Release Browser Extensions](releasing_browser_extensions.md)

> - [How to simplify the authentication process for an IDE extension](streamlined_auth_flow.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to implement the authentication process for an IDE extension](ide_auth_flow.md)
```
I think "simplification" only makes sense for existing IDE extensions, so we could rename the file to reflect that for when we make the neovim extension, for example.
